Add Amixr Tile (#608)
DataDog/integrations-extras: amixr/README.md

# Agent Check: Amixr

## Overview

> Developer-friendly Alert Management with brilliant Slack integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amixr is developer-friendly alert management with brilliant Slack integration.
```

- Collect & analyze alerts and other events from DataDog

> - Set up On-call rotations with google calendar or right in Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up on-call rotations with Google calendar or right in Slack
```

- Configure automatic escalation chains

> - Never miss alerts with Phone Calls & SMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Never miss alerts with phone calls & SMS
```

> - Orchestrate the whole Incident Management with GitOps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Orchestrate the whole incident management with GitOps
```

![Amixr_Interface][1]

## Setup

### Installation

No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

In Amixr:

> 1. Go to **Settings->Connect New Monitorings->Datadog->How to connect**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to *Settings > Connect New Monitorings > Datadog > How to connect*
```

> 2. Copy DataDog webhook url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy DataDog webhook URL
```

In Datadog:

> 1. Go to Integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Integrations** page from the sidebar.
```

2. Search for **webhook** in the search bar

> 3. Enter name for the integration, e.g. amixr-alerts-prod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter a name for the integration, for example: `amixr-alerts-prod`.
```

> 4. Paste webhook url from the above step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Paste the webhook URL from the above step.
```

> 5. Click Save button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click the save button.
```

### Validation

In Datadog:

> 1. Go to **Events** in the sidebar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Events** page from the sidebar.
```

> 2. Type `@webhook-<integration name>` and some text, in our example `@webhook-amixr-alerts-prod test alert`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Type `@webhook-<integration name><YOUR TEXT HERE>`, for example: `@webhook-amixr-alerts-prod test alert`.
```

> 3. Click Post button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the post button.
```

In Amixr:

> 1. Go to **Incidents** in the sidebar and check if the alert was received

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Incidents** from the sidebar to check if the alert was received.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> Amixr does not include any metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Amixr integration does not include any metrics.
```

### Service Checks

> Amixr does not include any service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Amixr integration does not include any service checks.
```

### Events

> Amixr does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Amixr integration does not include any events.
```
